MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Digital Twin T1D Consortium

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

CLINICAL USE DISCLAIMER:

This software is intended for research and educational purposes. Clinical use
requires appropriate medical supervision and compliance with local healthcare
regulations. The developers and contributors are not responsible for clinical
decisions made using this software.

PATIENT DATA PRIVACY:

This software implements privacy-preserving techniques including federated
learning and differential privacy. However, users are responsible for ensuring
compliance with applicable data protection laws (HIPAA, GDPR, etc.) in their
jurisdiction.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE:

While this software is designed with regulatory standards in mind, users seeking
clinical deployment must obtain appropriate regulatory approvals in their
jurisdiction before clinical use. 